http://edition.cnn.com/2017/05/10/politics/white-hot-trump-comey/index.html
http://en.chinaculture.org/news.html
http://www.newyorker.com/
http://www.globaltimes.cnIn 2001, defendant Xi Wenyou incorporated Beijing Sunshine 100 Biotechnology Development Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Sunshine 100 Company”) and he was the actual person in charge of the production and operation of this Company. Since 2010, defendant Sunshine 100 Company purchased raw materials for the production of dietary supplements from defendant Tan Guomin at the price of CNY 600 per kilogram. The raw materials were processed after being purchased by defendant Tan Guomin from defendant Yin Lixin at the price of CNY 2,500 per kilogram. After purchasing the raw materials, Sunshine 100 Company processed and produced a dietary supplement with functions of assisting in lowering blood sugar level, Shanqi Ginseng capsules with the brand of Sunshine 100, and sold such capsules to Jinfuhai Health Food Store in Guangling District, Yangzhou City and other regions across the country. Defendant Yang Lifeng took charge of production and defendants Zhong Limeng and Wang Hailong took charge of sale. From May to September 2012, it was found upon inspection of Shanqi Ginseng capsules sold to Shanghai, Hunan, Beijing, and other places that they contained buformin hydrochloride. The food and drug administrative department informed Sunshine 100 Company and Xi Wenyou of the inspection results. After knowing the inspection results, Xi Wenyou immediately informed Tan Guomin and Yin Lixin. Although he knew that there was buformin hydrochloride in the dietary supplements Sunshine 100 Company produced and sold, Xi Wenyou still continued the purchase of raw materials from Tan Guomin and Yin Lixin and organized Yang Lifeng, Zhong Limeng, Wang Hailong, and other persons to produce and sell Shanqi Ginseng capsules. After knowing the inspection results, Tan Guomin and Yin Lixin continued the sale of such raw materials to Xi Wenyou.